## [10-Feb-2288]  Mystic Pines retirement home: not hiding a dark secret. Well, fancy that...

* …Lexington sure has slipped, though; man, what a dump. I’d been putting off scavenging there, thinking it’d be a big job. Wrong. The place has been picked clean. Even super duper mart was underwhelming. I guess that makes sense - it’s been the obvious place to raid for two centuries now. Christ, what the fuck happened to Shaun in this place? 

* __[12-Feb-2288]__ Lucy Abernathy caught me in an awkward spot today. I was kinda blowing off some steam over some drinks with a couple of buddies when she happened upon the get together in a bit of a huff. Thing is, the buddies in question were Dogpaste and Sticky Joe: the mutilated dog and hobo corpses by the Old North Bridge. 'Visibly disconcerted' I would say sums up her response. Dogpaste tried passing it off with a joke, but that only made things more awkward.

  Anyway, turns out she was looking for me because she'd caught some wastelander pilfering from the mutfruit patch. Seems pretty clear cut to me: shoot the bastard. Lucy doesn't agree. She actually defends the theif, saying they're normally a big help on the farm, and that the mutfruit was rotting on the vine because I've expanded the farm faster than we can staff it. That's where I lost it - some parasite steals from me, and it's my fault because I'm working too hard to develop this shithole?! I fly into a bit of a tirade, until Dogpaste checks me with that look of his. He's right, I wouldn't want to scare her. So I give the gun to Sticky Joe and hear her out. 
  
  Lucy actually makes some good points; I mean, a bullet might be all these worms deserve, but we _are_ short-staffed. Also, she suspects that it happens more than we realise; unilateral capital punishment could easily scale out of hand. I'm doing my best to keep calm in light of these animals plundering my settlements any moment I look away, when I remember Thicket Quarry. If Lucy cares so much about rehabilitative justice, then she can be responsible for it: her new job is 'Constable-General.' I've tasked her with turning that gutted raider-den into a prison and mirelurk hatchery. Additionally, she is to create a Minuteman Constabulary, to investigate and prosecute crime across _all_ Minuteman settlements. 

* __[14-Feb-2288]__ Wildwood cemetery: killed a lone raider. Or was it a caretaker? :/

* __[15-Feb-2288]__ I went back to the drainpipe bunker to have at that terminal again. No dice, though I feel like I’m getting further than before. If I could just chip away at it daily, I might eventually get in - but who has time to hike all the way out past Drumlin and back. Not the first time this problem has come up; building up Tenpines matters a lot to me, but it’s anything but centrally located. Sanctuary, Red Rocket, Abernathy’s, Zimonja and Sunshine Tidings aren’t any better. Starlight is definitely my best option, but I’ve barely started on construction there; there’s still so much to do here at Tenpines, and so few resources to go around.

  For now, I stay here at Tenpines. As for the drainpipe terminal, I have an idea: although I can’t break the security, I have managed to get limited access to root. Even without superuser rights, I should be able to rip an image of hard tape. It won’t let me write, but so long as I can get a full system listing into the terminal’s RAM, I should be able to use my pip boy to copy that, and write it to a blank casette (or seven). Then, I can recreate the environment on any terminal. Speaking of which, I ought to build a terminal here at Tenpines, if I am to stay for the time being. I can even partition the hard tape, and dedicate some of it to word processing, so I don’t have to keep these logs on my pip-boy.

  Who’dve thought I was to learn more about computers *after* the bombs fell? Two-hundred years after, for that matter.

* __[16-Feb-2288]__ Preston got kissy with my ass again. God it was awkward: he just goes on and on and on. Apparently I saved his life because he didn’t kill himself, or something. Does this fuckwit actually think he’s the only one who bitched out on the trigger-pull? We’re all still here, in this place, right? Again, I spent the whole thing half-listening, doing my best to shake the urge to take the conversation to a sexual place. What the fuck even? Maybe I’m into humiliation or something? Not mine, his: every time he opens his sycophant mouth, I’m assailed with homoerotic urges. I know one thing for sure, if I ever acted on them, __I__ wouldn’t bitch out on the trigger pull. I guess I can’t run with Preston anymore. Ah well. I’ll miss having his laser musket on my six. 

* __[18-Feb-2288]__ Found a ghoul doctor, Bethany, living above an irradiated cesspool near Sunshine barracks. I could barely hear her over the hysterical clicking of my geiger counter, and she asks me if I needed any treatment. What a character. Ghouls: the best thing about the wasteland.

  I’ll let Rainbow Jane know. I guess that ought to be counted as a ‘resource’ - she’s not likely to die anytime soon, so long as she stays camped on that radpit.

* __[19-Feb-2288]__ Re-allocting Preston is proving difficult. Basically it’s a case of keeping your enemies close, versus keeping him out of my face. He already acts like he owns Sanctuary, so that’s out. Tenpines is out too, it’s my main base of operation, and I don’t want to resurrect his borderline mutiny over the Zimonja incident. Hah! Zimonja! Oh ho. Wouldn’t that be grand? Nah, he’d probably just refuse. Also, it’s literally derelict. I really ought to get to setting up that radio station…

  He’d only ruin Sunshine Tidings - that experiment needs to stay in Rainbow Jane’s hands. Red Rocket is too intimate, it’s like my holiday home. I guess I could get him to develop Starlight. Gah, I don’t want him to Prestify it though. 

* __[21-Feb-2288]__ I finally got to Graygarden. Not sure how I missed it when I cleaned out Arcjet systems with Danse, I must’ve passed within a few hundred yards of it (speaking of which, I need to get back there for a second pass, we were in a bit of a hurry on our way through, and I didn’t want to hold up the show stripping the joint for scrap).

  Anyway, Graygarden lived right up to the chitchat the settlers at Tenpines were tossing about - it’s a farm run by robots (Mr Handies, to be precise). Codsworth’d love it! At first I was alarmed at the complete lack of security. Man, what is it with undefended settlements? Would we call this a settlement, though? I mean, no people live there. Wait, was that racist? On second thought, maybe Codsworth would find the place… dehumanising. 
  
  Anyhow, I offered to set them up with some turrets and something, but they were a bit guarded. They warmed up after I helped them out with a water supply issue, though (yep, mirelurks). Come to think of it, they’ve been operating for 200 years without issue, they probably have it handled. Ah well, still good to have a friendly port so close to Boston. 

* __[23-Feb-2288]__ Gunner attack on Red Rocket. While I’m dealing with the attackers, from the barricade, one of them slips in (I guess from behind), kills silent Pete, and slips into my goddamned hotrodded t41! There’s no way this was a random raid; it’s too deep in Minuteman territory, too surgical. The frontal attack was a feint, meanwhile just one of them slips in over the back fence and goes straight for the suit. The whole thing reeks of an inside job. 

  It’s gotta be Sturges. 

* __[24-Feb-2288]__ Garvey goes to Graygarden! They’re light on security, so it’s ‘helping’; they’re close to the frontier, so it’s important; they’re robots, so he can’t weasel yet more influence; they grow food, and it expands Minuteman territory and prestige, so he can’t refuse. Perfect.

* __[26-Feb-2288]__ Sticky Joe and Dogmeat helped me hammer out the rules for riotball. So, basically, every settlement is going to have a hoop up, but just one. Under it, 3 on 3 Basketball can be played, but that's the easy bit. Before 3 on 3 Basketball can commence, one has to actually get the ball to the court: until the first point is scored, riotball is a full contact sport. Each team has four members, one of which is a sub (prohibited from carrying weapons or touching the ball), the other is a 'Qwik' (also unarmed, but the only one allowed to touch the ball during the full-contact, cross-country phase). Murdering members of the opposing team forfeits the match, but maiming them is fair game. No guns or ranged weapons of any sort allowed. Preventing the opposing team from making it to your settlement's hoop is a valid tactic, but once the ball goes through the hoop once, all players drop their weapons and the game stays on the court (for 10 minutes, or until 21 points, whichever comes first). Losing team keeps the ball.

  Basketballs themselves are like hot potatoes, you don't want 'em. A settlement's riotball team can practice any day they want, but are only free to assault each other on Sundays (from 00:00 to 23:59). Once a year, we'll have the Grand Count, where balls are tallied and settlements ranked. The settlement with the fewest balls wins a prize. The settlement with the most gets something else. Haven't figured that bit out yet.

* __[27-Feb-2288]__ Saw two identical dudes fighting to the death in front of starlight. I helped kill the stronger one, who wasn’t talking. The one I saved wasn’t remotely grateful. Then again, I guess his doppleganger did just try to kill him. What a fucking place. I guess it was a synth? He had a weird plastic part sticking out of the crater I made in his head. 

  Is this how synths come into the world? That certainly builds the case against them, if every synth copied a human, killed them, and took their place. I wonder how many of the settlers at Tenpines and Sanctuary are synths…
  
* __[28-Feb-2288]__ Good news! Garvey officially hates being posted at Greygarden. At least, I guess that’s the reason he wants to re-take some lost Minuteman ‘castle.’ Naturally, he wants my 'help' (read: he wants Chugchug to carry his useless ass). I gave him a qualified ‘yes’ to shut him up, but now that I look at the charts, this fucking castle is *wayyyyyy* the fuck east. It's well beyond any of our recon runs to date, even further beyond our sphere of influence. I get he doesn’t like robo-daycare, but is this really a priority right now? A radio tower? What about Zimonja? Oh wait, that’s right, he didn’t want to take Zimonja, and had a pretty little bitchfit when I took it anyway. 

  Anyway, Garvey’s already rushed off to “marshall forces” for the attack. Thing is, I didn’t commit to a specific date, or anything really. Oh well, I’ll get there when I get there. In the meantime I guess Preston can keep rallying and consolidating the eastern Minutemen. Or, he won’t do any of that, and will just wait for my arrival like a fucking stooge. Ugh. At least he’s out of my hair.
  
* __[01-Mar-2288]__ Mama Murphy literally begged me for some buffout today. I caved pretty quick. I mean, who am I to deny an old lady some relief from this nightmare? Besides, Preston is fuck knows where away east, so it’s not like I’ll have to suffer his passive aggression over it anymore. I was always pretty skeptical of her beatnik woowoo ‘I can see the future’ shtick, but what happened next was pretty fucking compelling. Instead of the vague allegorical dribble she normally slurs out, she starts getting into real specifics. Like, access codes and blow by blows. She also nearly stopped her heart chomping down pills. 

  Could all be bullshit, but if she really can see the future… well, that’d be quite something.
  
* __[03-Mar-2288]__ I caught Rob and Elaine Paula shooing away some settlers at Tenpines today; a colourful lesbian couple, 'Motorella' and 'Ball-peen.' To be fair, Ball-Peen does look pretty mean, but I don't like the Paulas acting like they have the right to say who stays and who goes at Tenpines. So what if they were there first? When they were there, it was literally a leaky shack, a campfire, and an open-air shit-hole. I've built it up to be the biggest mall in the Commonwealth Wasteland, hell, I've even installed a goddamned cocktail bar. Fuck those guys.

  So yeah, I invited Ball-Peen and Motorella to stay. Turns out Ball-Peen is a mechanic, and a blacksmith. Lucy's Constables recently pinched our last armorer for criminal negligence, so I offered her the job. She looks the part, too: built like bear, and fond of checkered flannels. It'll be good to have someone handy around. As for Motorella, well, she's a pretty thing, but also pretty useless. Can't fix shit, can't fight, doesn't seem to know much about anything. Ball-Peen and her are a package deal, though, so I gave her a green light to open a 'fashion boutique.' Fuck me, what a pair of characters.

* __[04-Mar-2288]__ Didn’t think the day would come, but here it is: I’m out of steel. Lumber too, for that matter. It’s actually indicative of how things have changed. When we were a smaller posse, armed to the teeth, all we perpetually needed was copper, grease, and duct tape: weapon mods and special projects. The scope of operations has simply increased beyond my most fanciful expectations. I must have almost 50 followers between all the established Minuteman settlements. I’ve picked Concord and Lexington clean, and then some. 

* __[06-Mar-2288]__ Sanctuary has graduated to become a water treatment facility - not less than 100 litres of purified water gets pumped out of Sanctuary every day (then delivered across the Northwest by Harvey’s dozen-strong provisioner network). Tenpines, Sanctuary, and Greygarden are the main agricultural hubs, but I have big plans for the Abernathy farm - I’m going to plant a whole field of Razorgrain, (if I can just find enough of if). With a steady supply of grain and clean water, we’ll be unstoppable. I have put the word out for the Minutemen to report any signs of Shaun, with a growing force such as we are, there might actually be a chance. At least, to find out what happened to him. At this rate, if he is even alive, he might hear about me first.

* __[07-Mar-2288]__ Some mutants trashed Abernathy’s Tato plot. No big deal, I’m planning to switch it over to wholesale Razorgrain cultivation anyway. I’ll just tell Blake to pull the Tato plants entirely...

#### [_HOME_](/README.md) 
