## Entry 6: [08-Mar-2288] Blake Abernathy sent word back that the wrecked tato plants can’t be pulled... 

* …what does he mean it can’t be pulled? This clown is supposed to be a farmer; must I do everything myself? I literally have to trek across the wasteland to pull up a goddamned tato vine. Fucking useless.
* __[09-Mar-2288]__ Ha! Some fuckwit raiders tried to hit Tenpines today. I guess they figured it was vulnerable, seeing that it’s under construction and covered in scaffolding. It couldn’t have gone more wrong for them. Not only had I just emplaced enhanced laser-turret security, but our western *and* eastern run provisioners both happened to roll up mid firefight: it was carnage. Oh, and Lucy Abernathy’s newly appointed constables, Mendelson and Raul, showed they were good for more than sniffing out tato thieves: they were like a pair of gun-toting figureskaters. Note to self: get those two a thank-you gift.

  The mountainside is still glistening with punk giblets; I might leave them there as a warning, (and perhaps to attract some insects, for the barbecue).
  
* __[10-Mar-2288]__ Geoff Harvey is a godsend. He has revolutionised the logistics of the Minutemen. With his network of provisioners, not only does he ensure that I have the supplies I need, but the caravaners double as Minuteman patrollers, putting down the Wasteland filth and wildlife as they run goods between our settlements (as we saw yesterday, at Tenpines). I am the law as far east as Zimonja, as far south as Greygarden, and as far west as Sunshine Tidings co-op. 

  I found a mint condition pre-war Tux a few days ago; I obviously don’t have a use for it, but it seemed like a shame to just leave (or sell, for that matter). Glad I kept it, I can give it to Harvey—he’ll be the swankiest bartender in post-war Massachusetts! I’ve been a bit distant with him lately, and I can’t even remember why. Hopefully this’ll set things right between us again.
  
* __[11-Mar-2288]__ Well I’ll be damned; the first thing Supermutants have irrevocably destroyed of mine is a tato plot. They scourged it pretty good before Lucy’s constabulary filled their tiny heads with lead. Blake was right - they can’t be pulled. I dug, hacked, and heaved at those blackened roots in a full set of T-60 power armor—nothing. There’s no way in hell the plants are going to grow back, either. I guess we’ll just have to suck shit and accept the small plot of unusuable land as a monument to the tenacity of Supermutants.

* __[16-Mar-2288]__ Construction of Tenpines Tower is finally complete, and what a beauty she is: four storeys tall, elevated off the ground upon concrete pylons, laser turrets guard a bountiful ag-plot, the Mole’s Head Inn cafe-restaurant-bar probably serves the best hot plates and mixers in the Commonwealth Wasteland. The view is to die for (literally, for some), I have an office, workshop, and a clinic (staffed by a genuine ‘doctor’, Harriet, if you ask her - some tato-picker I tapped on the shoulder who now won’t answer you unless you append the ‘Dr.’ These people, honestly). The elevated courtyard even hosts a market square and BBQ area, I shit you not. 

  Rob and Elaine Paula, the squatters tending the shack I found here last year, are about the only ones that aren’t pleased; these ungrateful cunts have been undermining me from the get-go. What, did they think I’d just clear the entire Corvega factory of raiders for them out of the kindness of my heart? That's not how General Chugchug plays! Fuck them, they were nothing before I came. Now they sleep tight in the safest place compound in the Commonwealth Wasteland. For some reason they think they deserve a bigger say in what goes on - last week they tried to shoo away a goddamned blacksmith because they didn’t like her! Who put them in charge of staff? You know, the thing is, if they were a little bit less anxious about their place in the pecking order, and a little bit more grateful for everything I’ve done for them, then maybe there _could_ be a view to a supervisory position for them. But seeing as they’re being little shits, fuck the cunts - they get nothing. They should be glad I let them stay (albeit, in thier crappy little shack, now bathed in the shadow of Tenpines Tower).
  
* __[18-Mar-2288]__ I finally cracked the Drainpine Terminal! Or rather, the ripped instance of it I cloned on my Tenpines terminal. Actually, I didn’t even do it, per se—I wrote a script that basically threw a dictionary at the authentication algorithm. Obviously the terminal had a built in lockdown to prevent this, but because this was just a cloned instance of the terminal, it could simply be reverted to the earlier state if it went into lockdown. Once I’d figured that out, it was just a matter of hitting ‘Enter’ and leaving the terminal to tap and rattle for 16 hours.

  Whatever is behind that Drainpipe terminal door better be good, after spending a month hunched over code trying to breach it. Either way, the two-bit security most terminals run is a fucking cake-walk compared to this, at the very least I’ve learned enough about computer science that I’ll never have to spend this long on cracking a network again. Actually, I might even make an abstracted and modular version of this bruteforce algorithm and keep it on a holotape - then I can just tweak and run it from my pip-boy whenever I want.
  
* __[20-Mar-2288]__ Fuck, got jumped by a bunch of ghouls in a caravan park. Spent most of the fight fumbling for my grenades while they thrashed at me. By the time I finally let one off, they’d already knocked all the peripherals from the suit. What’s worse: I borked up the throw, and the grenade detonated at my feet. I swear, the suit makes me complacent sometimes. Anyway, it wasn’t all bad news: I did find a half set of t-60 armour to replace what I’d damaged (no idea what the hell it was doing in this white trash hovel, but I’ll take what I can get). 

* __[21-Mar-2288]__ Dead settlers at Fort Hagen. What’s the point in even trying? Ultimately, we’re all going to end up just like them. We might think we’re clever, programming a Protectron to clear out a squad of synths, but inevitably we just end up pinned in a corner, with an angry protectron firing at us on one side, and the synths on the other, while a mk II Turret pumps us full of lead from the side. 

  I’d forgotten about the view from Fort Hagen’s rooftop. Soon.
  
#### [_HOME_](/../../../AnotherDayInTheWasteland/) 


---
#### [Follow B.K. Laughton:](http://bklaughton.com) 
[Instagram](http://instagram.com/B.K.Laughton) | [Twitter](http://twitter.com/bklaughton) | [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/BK-Laughton-607374252750161/) | [Reddit](http://reddit.com/r/ArchDuke)
