##[07-Nov-2287] My Mister Handy asked me if I considered him family...

* ...and I answered 'yes'. I think I meant it, too. I mean, he's literally the last piece of my old life - he's the only one that 'remembers' any of it. The wastelanders, they don't get it; what do they see when they look up at the pre-war flag I hung up over the checkpoint. Why is there an armed checkpoint on my front lawn? The commonwealth wasteland is doing weird shit to my head. 

* **[09-Nov-2287]** Dear diary, today I spent four hours in a tin shed, pinned under near-constant gatling laser fire. Naturally, I didn't have my suit. Every thirty seconds or so, the sentry bot would pause to re-arm and re-target, during which period I would stick my head around the corner and ping it with my pathetically inappropriate pipe pistol. I actually couldn't stop laughing by the end of it. Like, I wanted to, but I couldn't stop. Not the first time, either.

* **[13-Nov-2287]** People are starting to look to me for guidance. As if I have more of an idea of what to do; I literally just woke up from a 200 year old nap. I'm not so sure they'd be so keen to follow me if they saw me unload a clip of .38's into Shaun's teddy. Then again, I wouldn't say most of them are doing any better.

* **[15-Nov-2287]** I need to get out of Sanctuary. It's good to have something to work on, but the place, and the people, are doing my head in. Jun and Marcy Long are about as unbearable as each other; their only saving grace is their respective neuroses seem to make them extra-productive. I barricaded off a section of the estate, but that asshat Preston keeps leaving the chainlink fence I erected at the entry checkpoint open. Not much use having a barbed wire fence if it's open, right Preston? Oh yeah, this fuckwit is ostensibly here for security. I physically groan at the very sight of Mama Murphy - ever since I built her that chair, she hasn't lifted a goddamn finger. Finally, there's Sturges; he seemed ok at first, but the more I pay attention, the more questionable he seems. All day he walks around beating against the ruins with his hammer, but they never actually improve in condition. I think he's just milling about, occupying himself with pointless busywork while he eyes my power armor. Oh yeah, he thinks I don't notice, but I do. I've started taking out the fusion cores, and keeping them on my person. Just because he found the suit doesn't make it his, *I* retrieved the fusion core. It's mine, dammit.

* **[16-Nov-2287]** Feeling a bit clearer after a day away on patrol. I went back to concord to scavenge for copper. God damned copper, I swear I crack half a boner whenever I spot junk that might have some. Full stag when it's there. Anyway, the expedition took my past that auto-garage with the Red Rocket. It's actually pretty decently equipped. I'm considering setting it up as a sanctuary from Sanctuary, of sorts. I'll need more scrap, though.

* **[18-Nov-2287]** I found some homesteaders camped under a electrical power pylon. My first instinct was to warn them that it might not be the healthiest place to live; what a laugh. Their daughter was murdered by raiders. I didn't want say anything, but it's little wonder considering they have literally no defensive fortifications. Seriously, no fences, barricades, turrets: nothing. I was actually pilfering their harvest for Sanctuary until some combination of pity and shame snapped the humanity back into me. I guess it's not too much extra work to look out for them too, they're only a stone's throw from that auto-garage across the bridge.

* **[19-Nov-2287]** Dear Diary, today the universe didn't punch me in the dick. I took a chance on some trader, bought a Brahmin off her for 100 caps. She said it wasn't stolen, but I'd barely finished asking the question before we both realised I didn't care. Anyway, she actually did deliver the beast to Sanctuary. Is it bad that part of me wanted to have to hunt her down?

* **[20-Nov-2287]** Yep, it's final. I have to set up shop in the Red Rocket. I was in Shaun's room when I realised some whackjob had turned it into a creepy shrine, overflowing with toys and shit. Yep, the whackjob was me. I'm not abandoning Sanctuary, just taking a break. They're pretty self sufficient, now: we've had an influx of settlers. Mostly, they're insufferable, ungrateful, moochers - but they have hands and Cogsworth does an ok job of directing them. I built those fuckers a mess hall and a rec room without so much as a thank you. Except for Dogmeat, hands down the classiest of the lot. I also took as much steel and wood I could carry (suited up); nobody said anything. Good thing, too - we all know who scavenged most of it.

* **[25-Nov-2287]** Well, I not even a week in, and I've caved. Solitude at the Red Rocket wasn't the panacea I'd hoped it might be. Without the regular insanity of the other settlers, I lost my grip on the passage of time. Today, I woke up naked on top of the awning. How did I even get up there? My first aid kit was also totalled - did I do chems? I don't do chems... I have resolved that I do, in fact, need others. Still, I'm not quite ready to move back into Sanctuary full-time. I've thrown a couple of matresses down on the garage floor - hopefully I'll be able to hand-pick some help that isn't useless or raving mad.

* **[29-Nov-2287]** Things are looking up. Two new wastelanders have set up shop with me at the Red Rocket; Rainbow Jane and Silent Pete. Pete lives up to his name, which is grand, and is quite content acting as groundskeeper. Rainbow Jane wears a buzzcut, barbed chestpiece, and a wicked pipe rifle; she's on security, and she does not fuck around. Part of me suspects she's ex-raider, but so long as she's remains on point and keeps to herself, I'm not asking any questions. I don't even want to know how she got her nickname.

* **[30-Nov-2287]** I found some basketball hoops in a scrapyard; maybe I should erect a court on one of the vacant lots in Sanctuary? The Red Rockets vs the Sanctuary Saints, 3 on 3, weekly showdown. Might be good for morale. Or is that completely crazy? I don't even know anymore. Fuck it, I'm putting the hoops up.

#### [_HOME_](/README.md)
