## Entry 4: [05-Jan-2287] Lucy Abernathy, what a badass...

* ...the raiders that were holding her had her locked in a closet in some clothing emporium over the river. Preston and I kicked in the door, the usual shit. We clear out some junkie mooks on the ground floor, and come to the closet. I pick the lock and inside is Lucy, she’s tied up and bugging out. 

    So I untie Lucy,  then she lunges forward, knocking me on my ass. I flip over and there’s Lucy, up against the staircase with her hands around a mean looking raider’s neck. She’s reaching around a rusty bracket arching over her head, holding her bucking legs down with her knees, pinning a sawn-off shotgun down with her elbow. I honestly just stood there on the spot, until the raider was limp and twitching under Lucy’s heaving breath. She didn’t say a word the entire way home. 

    Next day, she’s at the guard post, cool as ice - like nothing had ever happened. I followed up with Blake; turns out the raider she strangled  was ‘Clutch’, the leader of these clowns. They had been periodically extorting the farm, and kidnapped Lucy in the first place. Wowser! Was putting Lucy in charge of security at Abernathy’s a good instinct or what? I’lll have to get her some backup, though, can’t risk her getting mobbed again.

* __[06-Jan-2288]__ Couldn’t sleep. Shaun. Could he be alive, out there, somewhere? I remember taking an ice nap after they murdered my wife and took him - that means it could have happened any time in the last two hundred years. He could have died of old age decades ago (or much younger, of course, in this place). My mind has been returning to Mama Murphy’s retarded suggestion to just go to Diamond City, and ‘ask around’ (yeah, thanks lady, great help). Maybe I should? It’s been months since I entered this waking nightmare, I’m Generalissimo of several settlements of simpering wastelanders, and am possibly the most fearsome bundle of violence in the ruins of west Boston. My headway on finding what happened to Shaun is close to zero, though. Even if he is gone, I ought to find out what happened to him, at least for his mother's sake. 

* __[16-Jan-2288]__ I think I made a friend: Geoff Harvey. He showed up at Tenpines last week, having heard our broadcast for settlers. He brought a pretty substantial collection of fine booze, which dovetailed perfectly with our need for a bartender at the fledgling Molerat’s Head Inn. He’s a ghoul, but is all-right upstairs, and lived in the area before the war, (we were practically neighbours!). Anyway, he’s a dry son-of-a-bitch, but makes for good conversation. God, it’s such a relief talking to someone who gets it; someone who knows just how far we’ve fallen, just how fucked up this place actually is. 

* __[18-Jan-2288]__ The Minutemen have undisputed authority over the wasteleand Northwest of Diamond City. From Sunshine Tidings, to Sanctuary, to Tenpines Bluff. As fun as it has been to cocktease Preston, I think I will settle Sunshine Tidings after all. I want to try something different there, though. A more martial community, something better suited to this ruthless shithole; less comfortable armchairs, more barbed wire. A ‘barracks’ I guess is what I’m after. Sunshine Barracks. I’m going to take Rainbow Jane from the Red Rocket, and have her oversee the it’s settlement and growth. She’ll be missed, but she is everything I want Sunshine Barracks to be. Just gotta figure out where to put the Basketball court.

* __[24-Jan-2288]__ Fucking Preston Garvey! He’s at it again. I guess the fear of losing me to the Brotherhood has worn off. I visited the construction site at Tenpines Bluff, only to find out Garvey had gone rogue and negotiated a peace with the thugs at Fort Zimonja. Geoff Harvey tried to stop him, but he wouldn’t have any of it (“mew mew ... peaceful solution .... blah blah … enough blood’s been spilled,” I can hear it already). I wanted that radio tower, damn it. All they use it for is to broadcast that one insipid ink spots record they must have found. Garvey is 2IC, though. Having him onside gives me a lot of legitimacy with the wastelanders (many of which hold longstanding sympathies for the old minutemen).
 
    Nothing to be done about it for now.

* __[26-Jan-2288]__ Random inspiration: writing down so I don’t forget. The CBL: The Commonwealth Basketball League. The Sanctuary Saints, Red Rockets, Tenpine Tops, Sunshine Goodfeels. Any one of them could take on the best 3v3 team Diamond City could scrape together, I’d wager. These idiot wastelanders don’t know the first thing about basketball, though; I bet I could make some ‘modifications’ to the core ruleset. Something a bit more suited to this world; ‘riotball’!

* __[27-Jan-2288]__ I found an open drainpipe not far from the Drumlin Diner hiding a very secure door with an even more secure terminal guarding it. I fancy that I know a thing or two about hacking, but the encryption protecting this door is some next-level shit. What the fuck is this place? 

* __[28-Jan-2288]__ Geoff Harvey and I must’ve drunk three bottles of hard liquor between us last night. Harvey was a venture capitalist before the bombs fell, but made a living peddling junk until signing on as bartender here at Tenpines Bluff. I told him I’m ex-military. We joked about how even the apocalypes couldn’t shake out of our career rut, and that we’re basically doing the same thing. A few drinks more and we’re talking about bringing it back for real - me building an actual army, and him investing in local entrepreneurship. Try either one alone, and you don’t get far: raider gang, or brahmin caravaner. But together, we could build a force to be reckoned with. With the backing of a franchise of merchant traders, a small armed force can grow into a proper army. With the protection of a professional armed force, a circle of traders can grow into a regional network.

    I’m seriously considering going all-in with this. 

* __[29-Jan-2288]__ Bruce Paula caught some punk from pilfering Tatoes, whilst on guard duty; he put a .38 in his leg and him locked in the shed for me. General Chugchug wanted words. We spoke. The kid spilled the beans as soon as we shook hands; he won’t be pilfering much of anything now. He’s with the crew at Fort Zimonja; they haven't had the balls to hit us properly, but this is the pretext I’ve been looking for. Preston can eat dick, I’m taking Zimonja tonight. Now.

* __[30-Jan-2288]__ Garvey didn’t like what happened with Zimonja. At. All. We were supposed to meet at Drumlin Diner to chart the wastes between there and Tenpines properly. He didn’t show. I do the run myself, scouting the ruins of the Thicket Quarry and Starlight drive-in, only to find he’s not at Tenpines either. Codsworth is, though. Turns out Garvey sent him away from Sanctuary, taking over there himself. Mutiny?! 

* __[31-Jan-2288]__ I fixed things with Garvey. I was going to send General Chugchug to sort things out, but Harvey talked me down. He says the time will come, but we need the old-school minuteman cred Preston brings to the table. For now. Harvey’s plan went like a drea: Preston Garvey walked right in on an intervention led by me, for Mama Murphy’s chem problem. When she caved, and promised to lay off the chems, the hostility melted away. Instead of giving me an earful about Zimonja, he’s all on about how inspirational I am, and how he looks up to me and shit. Fucking histrioinic, brownnosing prat. 

    This is where things get weird. After Garvey serves me up a steaming tray of sycophantic woo woo, I just stare at him, for like a minute. How does one even respond to that? Well I didn’t know either, but I did get the weirdest urge to flirt with him. Yeah. What the hell? I’ve never swung that way, not sure I do now, either. I don’t even think it was sexual - could my desire to fuck Preston in his stupid mouth be manifesting literally? Well, anyway, I didn’t. Thank god. I mumbled something agreeable, and now we’re all good. 

    Jesus, what is going on with me?

* __[01-Feb-2288]__ So Preston and I followed up on the Thicket Quarry; yeah, the one I scouted while he was having his bitch-fit about the punks of Fort Zimonja. The Quarry is mostly flooded, and some scavenger had taken up occupation. My instinct was to scare him off, claim the scrap; why should we acknowledge this geek’s claim to an entire industrial site, over the settlers we’re responsible for? Garvey’s all about the non-aggression, though, so we end up literally walking up to the guy for a chat. 

    The good news is we don’t get shot in the face. The guy, ‘Sully Mathis,’ has an attitude, (and a bad vibe if you ask me), but he’s not violent. He wants to drain the quarry and scour it for scrap. Bullshit. He wants to take up residence, and we don’t need strange neighbours. Anyway, he wants help getting the pump to work, and lowballs us to do it for him (a lot easier for chugchug). Preston’s face when I pry this guy for half-decent remuneration: seriously what is this loser’s deal? What?! Should I just accept any deal anyone pitches ever? For fuck’s sake. Does jesus shed a tear everytime I make a few extra caps? God help me.

    We got the fucking pump working, which stirred up some mirelurks. Oh yeah, ‘mirelurks,’ they’re fun. Giant, murderous, anthropomorphic crabs. Not even exaggerating. 

* __[02-Feb-2288]__ I came across a couple with their guns on some poor sap, pleading for his life. I stroll on over with polite words and a cocked pipe rifle, but they’re not too receptive. Turns out they think this guy is a synth. So? What is the deal with all this synth shit, anyway? Most wastelanders hate them, but they don’t seem to know an awful lot about them. Seems an awful lot like unsubstantiated paranoia. Then again, I fragged dozens of obviously robotic synths with Danse, when I helped him clear out Arcjet systems, so I guess I’m in no place to judge. Still, I feel disinclined to jump on the synth-lynching bandwagon until I can get a bit more info.

* __[03-Feb-2288]__ Sometimes I forget Codsworth isn’t actually a ‘person’. He was *still* at Tenpines today. Waiting. Just waiting for days for me to tell him to go back and resume management at Sanctuary. I don’t even want to know the state of the place after a few days without leadership. Heaven knows Sturges’ relentless ‘maintenance’ doesn’t amount to shit, if he even managed to take some time off coveting my power armour. Cunt. Hopefully the Longs held it together. Shit. Fuck it; Codsworth’ll handle it. 

* __[04-Feb-2288]__ Starlight Drive-in! It’s loaded with car-husks, lumber, and fully equipped with scavenging facilities. I guess the stack of nuclear waste in the middle of the car lot killed the prior inhabitants. My first thought was to drag all this shit up to Tenpines, but maybe it’d be worth settling it as a forward operating base closer to Diamond City. Not that I’m planning on invading it. Just in case. 

    Raising the base off the ground is working wonders for Tenpines - I might try and do something similar here. Erect some kind of rig from the top of the screen, over the car lot, to the ticket office.  Riotball team: ‘The Starlight Dazzlers’!

* __[06-Feb-2288]__ I spent yesterday cleaning up the future site of the Sunshine Barracks with Rainbow Jane. It has really scrubbed up. We’ve lifted and stacked all the fallen logs (not to mention a felling a few trees), as well as dismantling junk furniture for scrap, and collecting all the corpses into a stack, presumably for burning later (remarkably, Ghoul corpses don’t seem to decompose at all. Jane says the radiation ‘pickles’ them, sorta. 

    Jane took me, that night. Best word I can think for it. I think I sprained my rib, can you sprain your rib? I think I get the nickname now, too. Not sure how to feel about it, or if indeed I should. Not a word was said during or after; straight to work this morning.

* __[08-Feb-2288]__ SWEET VINDICATION! As soon as I saw Preston’s flare go up over Thicket Excavations, I fucking knew it. I almost fell from the top of Tenpines, cackling. That dumb cunt. I get there, and Preston is pinned inside a caravan, surrounded by Raiders, and a loose Mirelurk. CHUGCHUGCHUG! It was beautiful; I made a mural. Preston was rattled, wanted to retreat. General Chugchug doesn’t do things by half measures. There was no argument, I just pressed on, and he didn’t want to leave alone.

    Finally a chance to field test my laser rifle’s beam focuser. Five-hundred-thousand volts of focused optical extasy. I lay upon the brink of that quarry pit and picked off those raider bastards one hot crimson prod at a time. The ferocity of this baby is such that targets invariably burst into flames, if indeed they don’t just disintegrate. I didn’t want it to end. That raider prick Sully never even realised Chugchug had come for him, I doubt he could have seen me clearly all the way from the bottom of the pit. I could see him, though, through my deluxe, custom crystal optics. Hell, I could see the detail on his fresh facial tattoo. Chugchug, goon, chugchug!

    The episode did completely change my mind about the quarry, though - fuck settling there, it’s a literally shooting gallery, and I can’t think of an intelligent way to defend it. Better to keep it as a mirelurk hatchery, I guess; we’ll set up some turrets on those enclosure, and come down periodically to feed them insect husks, or to harvest. It’d make a nice prison, if we end up needing one. 

    I think I might stay at Sunshine Barracks tonight.

#### [_HOME_](/../../../AnotherDayInTheWasteland/)


---
#### [Follow B.K. Laughton:](http://bklaughton.com) 
[Instagram](http://instagram.com/B.K.Laughton) | [Twitter](http://twitter.com/bklaughton) | [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/BK-Laughton-607374252750161/) | [Reddit](http://reddit.com/r/ArchDuke)
